Child: Are you God?
God: Yes, I am.
Child: Can you grant me a wish?
God: Yes, I can.
Child: Please make me a buffalo.
God: Why my dear? You have a very strange wish.
Child: So that I can have enough power to pull a huge cart and help everybody carry their luggage.
God: You do not have to be a buffalo to do that.
Child: Then?
God: You need to study and become a scientist more specifically a physicist.
Child: A physicist?
God: Yes, then you will be able to generate more energy than a buffalo has.
Child: Do I have energy?
God: Yes, everybody has energy but you need more than that. For that you have Sun which you
can use to generate more energy.
Child: And then I can make machines which will use that energy to pull as much carts as I wish.
God: You got me. For that you’ll have to become a good engineer.
Child: Then everybody will be free of mundane work of hard labour. Even animals will be free.
God: Yes, my dear.
Child: Wow! Then everybody will have more free time and everybody will be writing stories. And I’ll
have more stories to read.
God: No, not everybody will be writing stories. Somebody will be busy building machines. And
mathematicians will be helping them solve the problems they will be facing. And doctors will be
taking care of those who get injured while building machines or whoever falls ill. Everybody will
have their work to do.
Child: Oh.
God: If you become an engineer, you will have to take note of safety of everybody working near
machines so that no one gets injured and doctors too have more free time.
Child: I miss my friends.
God: If you become a scientist and are able to use Sun to generate more energy to not only pull
carts but for running trains too, you can travel to meet your friends.
Child: But how will I do that.
God: You will have to figure out on your own. But I’m giving you the hint for how to do it. When
your teachers teach you, you will have to listen to them more carefully.
Child: Thank you so much God. I have one last question.
God: Yes, dear ask.

Child: Am I dreaming?
God: Yes, you are.
Child: What if I forget what you told me, when I wake up?
God: For that I’m giving you lucky symbol of Sun in your neck so that you do not forget what I told
you.
Child: Thank you so much. When I see my friends again, I’ll tell them that I met you and everything
you told me.
God: Good. So, you do not want to be a buffalo now.
Child: No, but please do not make fun of me. Now I want to be a scientist and engineer too.
God: Okay. But remember, you do not have unlimited time. You have limited time to solve only
some out of many problems you will be facing.
Child: When I wake up from dream, lucky symbol will remind me of You and the Sun. I have one
more question.
God: Ask.
Child: Why do I not see my friends every morning when I wake up? Are they not alive?
God: Why are you asking that question? They are as alive as you are whether you see them every
day or not. They are just far away. But they also have figured out some problems too like you have
figured out. And they have started to solve some of the problems that exist in the world. You have
to start solving too before it’s too late. But if you are not studying and thinking enough, you will
run out of time. And you will never see them again.
One more thing- you will have to find your teachers on your own who will help you meet
your friends wherever they are in the world but your teachers will not be around for you forever.
You’ll have to hurry up.
Child: Where will they go?
God: They will come to my world. I too need them for solving problems of my world. Now It’s time
for me to go.
Child: Where are you going?
God: I’ve to go to the dreams of your friends too. I’ve to tell them about your strange wish of
becoming a buffalo. So that they can help you build machines and solve energy problem.
Child: No, please do not tell them.
God: Don’t worry. I won’t. Bye.
